Extend Networking considerations and recommendations (#4)
Azure/Mission-Critical: docs/design-methodology/Networking.md

  - Do not create unnecessarily large application virtual networks to ensure that IP address space is not wasted.

- Prioritize the use Azure CNI for AKS network integration, since it [supports a richer feature set](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/aks/concepts-network#compare-network-models).

>   - Consider Kubenet for scenarios with a limited range of available IP addresses to fit the application within a constrained address space.

Reviewer: Maybe add a link? https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/concepts-network#azure-virtual-networks

### Design Considerations

- AKS can be deployed in two different [networking models](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/aks/concepts-network#azure-cni-advanced-networking).
  - **Kubenet networking:** AKS nodes are integrated within an existing virtual network, but pods exist within a virtual overlay network on each node. Traffic between pods on different nodes is routed through kube-proxy.

>   - **Azure Container Networking Interface (CNI) networking:** The AKS cluster is integrated within an existing virtual network and its nodes, pods and services received IP addresses from a single large network. Different node pools can be deployed into different subnets ([in preview](https://github.com/Azure/AKS/issues/1338), February 2022).

Author: ```suggestion
  - **Azure Container Networking Interface (CNI) networking:** The AKS cluster is integrated within an existing virtual network and its nodes, pods and services received IP addresses from the same virtual network the cluster nodes are attached to. This is relevant for various networking scenarios requiring direct connectivity from and to pods. Different node pools can be deployed into different subnets ([in preview](https://github.com/Azure/AKS/issues/1338), February 2022).
```

Author: @sebader what do you think?

Reviewer 2: I like

>   > **Note!** Azure CNI requires, compared to Kubenet, more IP address space. Proper upfront planning and sizing of the network is required. For more information, see [Azure CNI](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/aks/concepts-network#azure-cni-advanced-networking).

Reviewer 2: all this sounds like there are only disadvantages of using CNI. Is there any doc we can link which does a deeper comparision? this one maybe? https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/concepts-network#compare-network-models

Reviewer 2: this external post also has some good points https://mehighlow.medium.com/aks-kubenet-vs-azure-cni-363298dd53bf

Author: This is of course not the case, the doc you've mentioned first is already linked twice. I don't wanted to repeat too much of the content that exists already on docs - for the decision process the IP demand of CNI and the conceptual difference of Kubernet (using an overlay network per node) are from my point of view the most relevant ones.

Reviewer 2: hm fair point. I'm just saying that reading this part sounds to the reader like "why the heck would I ever bother using CNI then?"

Author: I'd say its mostly a networking thingy - i want my pods to have a proper IP from a range that I've defined; i want to not NAT when talking from a pod to a backend service outside of my cluster; i want my pods/services being accessible via an IP from my virtual network (which is kind of a non-argument as you'd usually not access them directly only via a service which could be using an external public or private ip address anyhow). 

Any other use cases you guys could think of? Ah yes, and windows node pool support is limited to CNI currently.

Author: Not saying we've to step away from CNI though - let's try to find a better way to describe that. In the end its probably more a "use CNI but do your homework upfront in regards to proper sizing"..

Reviewer 3: For the consideration part I would keep it like this. It describes the facts and points out what is important to consider

Author: Updated

    - This will ensure traffic flows through Azure Front Door at a service level, but header based filtering will still be required to ensure the use of a particular Front Door instance and to also mitigate 'IP spoofing' security risks.
  - Public internet traffic should be disabled on RDP and SSH ports across all applicable NSGs.

- Decide between Azure CNI and Kubenet at deployment time based on requirements and capabilities like the amount of IP addresses consumed, the connectivity requirements of the application, and other aspects.

>   - For example, if the application requires a high amount of IP addresses, consider using Kubenet.

Reviewer: Can we create a simple table of how subnet sizing affects the number of nodes you can use?
| AKS Subnet Size | # Addresses | max Kubenet nodes | max CNI nodes |
|------|-------|---------|--------------|
| /22  |    |   |      |
| /23  |    |   |      |
| /24  |    |   |      |
| /25  |    |   |      |

Or something similar. We can discuss the format. I realise it's a one-dimensional view of the problem, but it will give the reader a little bit of feeling what a /22 vs a /25 will mean

Author: Yeah, I might be a bit more complex than that to put that into a table. In theory kubenet is 1 ip per node (max. 110 pods per node - default; configurable up to 250) - cni 30+1 (max. 30 pods per node == 30 ips + 1 is default; configurable up to 250+1) per node depending on the number of pods and services running on the CNI-node this could be much more.

Author: Let's try this in a separate PR.

>   - For example, if the application requires a high amount of IP addresses, consider using Kubenet.

Reviewer 3: This is a duplicate recommendation we have the same on L356-357 already.

Author: modified it and linked to the k8s section for more details
